welcome to this edition of burn tech
university presented by breckwell in
today's video we'll show you how to
properly replace the auger motor in your
SP 23 pellet stove
you
for today's project the tools needed are
a number two phillips screwdriver and a
pair of needlenose pliers
first make sure your stove is completely
cool and then remove the power cord from
the back of your stove now using your
number two phillips screwdriver loosen
the four black screws holding the back
of the stove in place you do not need to
fully remove these screws once these
screws are loose you can easily lift the
back of the stove up and away from the
stove being sure to set it aside from
your work area next locate and unplug
the two wire leads coming from the auger
motor that attach the wiring harness
next locate the retainer clip holding
the auger motor to the auger drive shaft
while supporting the auger motor with
one hand use your needle nose pliers to
remove the retainer clip the auger motor
should then drop down free from the
auger drive shaft
to install the new auger motor simply
place it between the two flanges line up
the hole on the auger shaft and insert
the retaining clip
once the retaining clip is secure and
the auger motor is in place reconnect
the two wire leads to the wiring harness
now to put the stove back together
simply set the back of the stove over
the screws and slide it down into the
slot then using your number two phillips
screw driver secure the back to the
stove now that you successfully
completed your repair be sure to plug
your stove back in and check for proper
operation
you
thank you for watching this edition of
burn tech university should you have any
further questions please visit our
website at www.att.com/biz